Homework 6 Written Qs:
1. What is HTTP? What are the different HTTP request methods and how do they differ?
- HyperText Transfer Protocol: How the internet handles communication between clients and servers, is done by requests and
responses. Protocol in the application layer for fetching resources such as HTML documents. It is the foundation of any data
exchange on the Web and it is a client-server protocol, which means requests are initiated by the recipient, usually the 
Web browser. 
Methods include:
        Get - should only ever retrieve data
        Post - submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server - usually something to be saved.
        Put - method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload - update everything for a resource 
        Patch - partially modify a resource - not really used much, post is more common
        Delete - delete a resource 

2. What is an API? What is JSON?
- Application Programming Interface (API): User interfaces let humans interact with programs; APIs let programs (and scripts) 
talk to each other. The DOM states what your script can “ask the browser about the current page, and how to tell the browser to
update what is being shown to the user. 
- JavaScript Object Notation (JSON): Text data but JS is ready to parse it into javascript objects and vice versa. It is a format
for storing and transporting data. Is often used when data is sent from a server to a web page. It is a lightweight data interchange
format, language independent, and is “self-describing” and easy to understand. 
- Syntax Rules for JSON:
        Data is in name/value pairs
        Data is separated by commas
        Curly braces hold objects 
        Square brackets hold arrays 
3. What is AJAX? What is meant by asynchronous code?
- Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX): Technique for loading data into part of a page without having to refresh the entire page. 
Uses a combination of: A browser built in XMLHttpRequest object (to request data from a web server) & JavaScript and HTML DOM 
(to display or use the data). Data formats include: html, xml, json
- It is a developers dream bc you can:
        Read data from a web server - after the page has loaded
        Update a web page without reloading the page 
        Send data to a web server - in the background 
- Asynchronous code in AJAX refers to the ability to execute code independently of other parts of the program. In the context of 
AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML), it primarily relates to the ability to send requests to a server and receive responses 
without blocking the execution of other code.

